Read and open file from command line
	If more or less parameters
		display usage and exit
Check file validity

	Size of each tetrimino is 4x4 chars
		GNL looping
			if strlen is 4 AND line count is smaller or equal to 4
				if chars in str are # or .
					count line, free and continue
			if strlen is 0 AND str[0] is newline AND line count is 4
				count tetrimino, free, set line count to 0
				if number of tetriminos is smaller or equal to 26
					save tetrimino and check tetrimino validity
					if ok
						continue
			else display "error\n" in stdout and exit

	Check tetrimino validity
		Size of tetrimino is exactly 4 blocks.
			while not at the end of tetrimino AND block count is less than 4
				get line from tetrimino
				if theres # on the line
					count block
			if block count is not 4
				return invalid

		Each block touches another block at least on one of its 4 sides

		Could this be inferred from tetriminos square size?

			Get location of the first block
			while less than 4 blocks checked
				if theres something before or above the block
					if another block before, after, above or below
						find next block and	continue
					return invalid

	tetrimino data structure
		struct?
???

	"The goal of this project is to arrange every Tetriminos with each others in order to make
	the smallest possible square. But in some cases, this square should contains holes when
	some given pieces won’t fit in perfectly with others.
	Even if they are embedded in a 4x4 square, each Tetrimino is defined by its minimal boundaries (their ’#’). The 12 remaining empty characters will be ignored for the
	Tetriminos assemble process.
	Tetriminos are ordered by they apparition order in the file. Among all the possible
	candidates for the smallest square, we only accept the one where Tetriminos is placed on
	their most upper-left position."

Bunch tetriminos together
	the most left and top position in order of the tetriminos if more than one equal squares available
	Measure size of the square
		Check is smaller than previously smallest
Display the smallest square in stdout
	Replace blocks with alphabet starting from 'A' corresponding to the order of the tetriminos in the input file. First block is A, second B etc.

